chapters/memory-security/ctf: Add CTF lab (#25)
cs-pub-ro/hardware-software-interface: chapters/memory-security/ctf/drills/tasks/rop/solution/README.md

Reviewer: Add an image to showcase the stack after sending the payload: which values point to gadgets and which numbers are popped into register. Use https://app.diagrams.net/ to create and save it in `.SVG` format.

Reviewer: On second thought, this might not be needed.

# Solution

Idea: The function that needs to be called is `special_function()` with arguments 6 and 9.

> The binary is a 64-bits ELF, therefore the parameters are no longer taken from the stack - they are taken from registers esi and edi;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binary is a 64-bits ELF, therefore the parameters are no longer taken from the stack - they are taken from registers `edi` and `esi` in this order;
```

in order to set these registers, you need to execute 2 gadgets.

> By using commands like `ropsearch "pop rsi"` and `ropsearch "pop rdi"` in `GDB peda`, you will find gadgets `pop rsi; pop r15; ret` and `pop rdi; ret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using commands like `rop --grep "pop rsi"` and `rop --grep "pop rdi"` in `pwndbg`, you will find gadgets `pop rsi; pop r15; ret` and `pop rdi; ret`.
```
We don't use peda anymore.

> We first need to overwrite the return address with the address of the first gadget, followed by 2 8-bytes values (rsi and r15, which is not relevant);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We first need to overwrite the return address with the address of the first gadget, followed by 2 8-byte values (`rsi` and `r15`, which are not relevant);
```
